Add `--no-wait` flag to CI execution examples (#25944)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/building-on-ci.mdx

To trigger new builds, we will add this script to our configuration:

```sh
npx eas-cli build --platform all --non-interactive --no-wait
```

This will trigger a new build on EAS. A URL will be printed, linking to the build's progress in the EAS dashboard.

> > **info** The `--no-wait` flag will exit the step once the build has been triggered, meaning that you are not billed for CI execution time whilst EAS performs the build. If you need to add another CI step to run once the build has completed, you'll need to remove this flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **info** The `--no-wait` flag exits the step once the build has been triggered. You are not billed for CI execution time while EAS performs the build. However, your CI will report that the build job is passing only if triggering EAS Build is successful.
>
> If you need to add another CI step to run once the build is complete, remove this flag.
```
